Fix spec queries in package creation section (#117)
spack/spack-tutorial: tutorial_packaging.rst

.. code-block:: python

   if self.spec.satisfies('@1.1:'):

>        # Do things needed for version 1.1 on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       # Do things needed for version 1.1 or newer
```
